Completed Excel tutorial (#471)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/tutorials/excel-tutorial/README.md

# Excel Tutorial - Completed

This sample is the result of completing the [Tutorial: Create an Excel task pane add-in](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/tutorials/excel-tutorial). It was constructed with the [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/develop/yeoman-generator-overview).

> The tutorial gives step-by-step instructions on how to add functionality alongside explanations as to why code is being added. This sample is best used if you've completed the tutorial and want to start from a more complete project. It's also helpful when debugging problems you encounter during the tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tutorial gives step-by-step instructions on how to add functionality alongside explanations as to why code is being added. Use this sample if you want to explore and try the completed code, or if you need to debug any issues you may have encountered while following the tutorial.
```

Reviewer: Just avoiding suggestion that you should do the tutorial first.

Author: But don't we want people to take the tutorial first? I think if someone had this PNP as their entry point, we'd want them to go back and follow the step-by-step instructions, unless they really don't want to.

Reviewer: I'm assuming there's different learning styles and some developers may want to just run the code and step through or study it before doing all the copy/paste work from the tutorial.

## Run the add-in

> 1. If the local web server is already running and your add-in is already loaded in Excel, proceed to step 2. Otherwise, start the local web server and sideload your add-in:

Reviewer: I'm not following how you could already have the web server running. I think we should drop this step.

- To test your add-in in Excel, run the following command in the root directory of your project. This starts the local web server (if it's not already running) and opens Excel with your add-in loaded.

  - Windows: `npm start`
  - Mac: `npm run dev-server`

> - To test your add-in in Excel on the web, run the following command in the root directory of your project. When you run this command, the local web server starts. Replace "{url}" with the URL of an Excel document on your OneDrive or a SharePoint library to which you have permissions.

Reviewer: Need to say to use the My Office add-in folder (not the root just above it).

  - Windows: `npm start`
  - Mac: `npm run dev-server`

- To test your add-in in Excel on the web, run the following command in the root directory of the `My Office Add-in` project. When you run this command, the local web server starts. Replace "{url}" with the URL of an Excel document on your OneDrive or a SharePoint library to which you have permissions.

  ```command line
  npm run start:web -- --document {url}
  ```

  The following are examples.

  - `npm run start:web -- --document https://contoso.sharepoint.com/:t:/g/EZGxP7ksiE5DuxvY638G798BpuhwluxCMfF1WZQj3VYhYQ?e=F4QM1R`
  - `npm run start:web -- --document https://1drv.ms/x/s!jkcH7spkM4EGgcZUgqthk4IK3NOypVw?e=Z6G1qp`
  - `npm run start:web -- --document https://contoso-my.sharepoint-df.com/:t:/p/user/EQda453DNTpFnl1bFPhOVR0BwlrzetbXvnaRYii2lDr_oQ?e=RSccmNP`

  > NOTE: If you are developing on a Mac, enclose the {url} in single quotation marks. Do not do this on Windows.

    If your add-in doesn't sideload in the document, manually sideload it by following the instructions in Manually sideload add-ins to Office on the web.

> 1. If the add-in task pane isn't already open in Excel, go to the Home tab and choose the **Show Taskpane** button in the ribbon to open it.

Reviewer: The previous sections cause this numbering to restart. Probably should indent the previous sections.
